On the left side, this is the code that were used to.
We creative a div,
create 200 paragraph elements,
add those elements to the div.
And then once we've created 200,
we add that div to the page.
Over here we run a loop 200 times and each
time through the loop it creates a paragraph element and adds it to the page.
Now each one of these pieces of code has
the performance at the beginning, so it takes a check.
And then down here at the end,
it takes a new check of the performance and then subtracts it
to give us the total amount of time it took to
run this piece of code or this piece of code.
So let's run them and see what it tells us.
So we can see that this one over here is
about half a millisecond and this one is
over here is about three quarters of a millisecond.
So this one runs quite a bit faster.